hey big hello from Raleigh North
Carolina yate another episode of B2B
marketing and more with Pam right here
and I have a very special guest today
Chris Carr and actually I was on his
podcast so he's gonna tell us what he
does and also we're going to talk about
our favorite topic which is digital
marketing and content promotion which is
very very important so Chris welcome to
my show
thanks thanks for having me this is
great I know that you are the founder
and the CEO of pharaoh tag can you also
share with my listeners and also the
people who are watching the video what
does your company do and then we'll take
you from there
so I started ferritech around 21 years
ago where a digital marketing agency we
have a team based it's a little bit less
than 50 people we're based just outside
the city of Philadelphia and over the
last 21 years we've sort of built what
we call our unique process and
essentially what that is is we help
companies build systems that generate
leads nurture leads into clients and
then convert those clients into raving
fans of your brand your mission and your
values essentially what we're trying to
do is we're trying to help companies
look at the technology curve that's
coming ahead and realizing hey you know
what it's no longer a one-man job or a
one-person job anymore and so if you're
gonna scale you want to find partners
that are going to help you you know do
that effectively and to kind of minimize
the the mistakes that hundreds of
companies make and double down and scale
effectively I know that you talk about
unique process and you are talking about
in terms of a set of a process kind of
like the standardize and scale the
process so the company can continue to
fulfill their pipelines you grow a play
bug if I I'm not mistaken is really over
15 000 words on any typical book if I
said like when I roll my books my
publisher actually required that the
book to be 50 000 words or more so you
literally already written like one third
of a book which is digital marketing
Playbook can you give us like the three
take away from that specific Playbook
and also share with us in terms of where
they can download that our entire unique
process basically goes from everything
from our Gap assessment which is our
Discovery methodology all the way
through all the core things from buyer
personas to usability conversion
analysis to SEO social media paid
advertising lead nurturing video
development and analytics it's a full
comprehensive marketing approach but the
reason why we call it our unique process
is we have a certain twist that we've
done so we've basically scoured the web
and looked for some of the best thought
leaders in each of those critical areas
and we've married that with some
methodologies that we've learned from
HubSpot and other technologies that
we're learning from AI married at it
even more with sales and essentially
what happens is that when you follow our
system effectively
usually your results compound
important if you are doing digital
marketing nowaday especially try to
align with the sales team you have to
look at your whole process from the time
that you do in the mobile marketing and
time that the sales close the lead
understand what the process is and
another thing that was very important is
understand your ultimate goal what you
want to accomplish and if this is the
goal that you want to accomplish then
you have to reverse engineer and think
it's really in terms of how many
accounts that you will need to get that
goal and from how many accounts What how
many leads that you need to make that
happen what is the website traffic to
drive to ensure that you have that
certain kind of conversion to make that
happen yeah I like that yeah it sounds
to me easy but obviously the devil is in
detail is actually very hard and you
have to really think through the whole
process and that also involved with
Technologies can you also share with you
when you are working with the many
clients doing that what are some of the
Technologies or the platforms are
critically essential to kind of look
into this whole what you call a unique
process that they must have we recommend
a marketing automation platform we've
tried them all we really like HubSpot
sometimes you can even say Salesforce
plus HubSpot one of those two systems is
sort of in the background and then what
you want to make sure is is that
marketing is seamlessly integrated with
your sales CRM
and then ideally maybe even with your
service deck and customer service deck
and things like that and so what you're
eventually trying to do is trying to
marry all of your systems all together
so that they speak all the same language
to each platform and I know zapier tries
to do their best trying to make some
connections but if you can keep it all
Native that's that's the most ideal
scenario I can't prove this but I even
think that the companies that build
these platforms they could make it
better for apis to work but then they
kind of say hey you know what I might be
shooting myself in the foot when I make
it so easy for other things so I'll give
them 80 but I won't go the full hundred
percent because they might cut us out of
the loop
so giving that content plays a huge role
in the the digital marketing strategy
and the Outreach what are some of the
missing pieces that you have seen from
your clients if you will that when they
put the content strategy together but
they are always some missing element
that is critical big time Big Time and
you know this is probably one of my
biggest calling cards is that nine times
out of ten most companies they want to
create awareness content and they want
it to close as soon as humanly possible
and what they don't understand is is
that their clients sometimes needs room
to breathe they need to engage with your
marketing and your brand and your
messaging and they need to decide on
their timetable not your timetable and
so so many companies just want us to
bring traffic and hoping that it's as a
numbers game that it's going to close
and the reality is I was just as funny I
just launched a podcast with Andy
crestadino who I think you know but what
I was saying with Andy is is that we run
into this all the time it's like you
have an extremely leaky bucket and the
answer to that is more water
and I'm like no it doesn't work like
that
first we need to have a really strong
message all right we need to figure out
what is your story and what is your
story to each of your personas that
you're trying to reach and then we have
to make sure that your website is clear
and concise and can say that and speak
that to each of your target audiences
because if I drive traffic there
depending on the size of your viable
audience I only might get one bite of
the apple and so if I win and I drive
traffic and your messaging is terrible
you actually lost a really good
opportunity because they might not come
back because they think oh I know who
they are
so we got a lock down we got to figure
out your story we got to get that right
first then as we apply the unique
process you know what I mean we're going
to figure out what's working and what's
not we're going to figure out what to
double down on what to dismiss and what
to to spend and more time investment in
yeah
like you said what are the big holes
this is that everybody just wants sales
right out of the gate and they don't
understand that they are the problem
many marketers or even sales people they
actually understand that a lot of
products especially on the B2B side the
purchasing cycle is long I would say
marketers and the sales professionals
understand that a lot of time they also
get pressures from management always be
closing always be closing right and they
want to show in that time but I think
it's also important for the marketers
and salespeople to educate their
management it does take time to kind of
convert leads especially for the
opportunities that with a bigger dollar
and I also agree with you in terms of a
lot of people that they focus on
creating content creating content
creating content and I think that's
important but to your point the
messaging which is the foundation of the
content that you are going to create is
very critical beginner messaging I also
have a messaging framework that I wrote
and as a DYI so if you search for
messaging framework Pam dinner that
template will come up is a DIY template
you can use it but I do agree with you
Chris that the messaging part of it
before you creating content or what is
the messaging that you want to
articulate in terms of uh your product
is super critical and make that very
clear on your website another tip I
would probably say this is I kind of
stole this from Larry Kim is once you
find your unicorn work really hard to
make baby unicorns
what happens here is that you know how
there's like you've heard the expression
like a one-hit wonder yeah so we have a
convenience store in Philadelphia and I
think they've made it down to Raleigh
but it's called Wawa
here yeah
so that was born in our hometown oh
really I love Wawa your concept is so
different than 7-Eleven it's just
wonderful I so well you know what I'm
not going to a stereo Thunder why don't
you explain to everybody why Wawa is and
then I will add on top of it like you
said it's a convenience store that gets
the little things right and by the
little things you know obviously it has
all the essentials that you need it has
an incredibly good Deli and sandwich
store right in there yeah the customer
service is frictionless it's the same
thing every single time but because
they're such a well-oiled machine and
the coffee is so good and things like
that people put it into their daily
lives and so every single day everybody
in our whole Community gives them five
to seven dollars every single morning
it's just like clockwork now
my Wawa story is is that Wawa has been
around for almost 30 years and what they
did was this is this very similar story
to Chick-fil-A as well but what they did
was they had these small little
convenience stores and everybody thought
hey I wonder when Wawa will be National
and they'll take over the world right
and then all of a sudden they stop
making the convenience stores and they
knocked them all down and then they made
super Wawas and the super Wawas are
twice the size of the convenience store
and very very cheap gas
okay and so the ones that you've seen
are probably the newer model now in my
world the small convenience stores were
the starters Wawas and now they're the
super Wawas but Wawa was very smart in
the aspect of you know what it's very
hard to scale let's try to figure out
hey we know that we can get more out of
your minimum viable audience
and so what we did was rather than doing
more expensive things we knew that we
could reach more people with this same
exact product if we could just do it
better and so what I it's the same exact
thing in content marketing if you have a
unicorn if you have a couple hits
stop trying to make the next greatest
hit
milk it for all that it's worth cut it
into a thousand pieces multiply it micro
content it use it to death because you
know what every time you try to make the
next hit and the next hit and the next
hit you're diluting what people know you
for
if Tony Robbins is right and it's
repetition is the mother of skill every
time they think that they know you you
change the tune and then they never feel
that they never get like what is their
angle what is their tilt what are they
going after I agree with you in terms of
you know when you make a small Unicorn
it's really another term that being used
is what can you do to male Guild Cash
Cow as much as you can it's the same
thing as when you try to come out of the
gate with five different products when
it's just like I love the companies that
are really good at one thing first and
then scale as opposed to trying to be
all things to all people when I doing
the messaging framework with some
clients I always ask them do you like
your product do you think your product
is solid
that's assumed the product is very solid
and you also have a good messaging and
you also have a solid content the
website is great
the promotion become very very important
and what is your take in terms of hey
promotion versus organic is a pay
promotion necessary
it depends on what Niche you're in I
think that when you think of something
like
Mark shaffer's content shock or you
start to look at just that what we call
the content crisis there's just so much
content out there I mean it really
depends on what industries you're on I
mean there's there's very sleepy
Industries if you have found a way to be
a niche of a niche of a niche and
there's a big enough Community you don't
need as much paid promotion there's
three different levels of promotion
earned owned and then paid I don't go to
paid unless you've definitely taken a
stab at the other two because the other
two are cheaper and more can be more
effective I agree you know what I mean
but there's the devil's in the details
you know people think if I do a really
good job people are going to know when
they're going to come to me not always
true assuming you have a good program
you know set up in other words you have
your campaign set up effectively
you know it will probably reap bigger
Rewards or faster rewards the problem is
is it doesn't compound so in your model
you have to know I'm paying for my
clients if you work more on earned and
owned the ability for it to compound is
significantly better paid can get the
ball rolling a whole lot quicker what I
really like is something called
programmatic advertising I still like
all three people ask me all the time
what's better uh Google display or you
know basically Google ads social media
ads are programmatic is a pay search
part of programmatic ads not search
that's more of that you know in other
words like it doesn't control what comes
from a Google search but what it does do
is it the targeting is second to none so
you know how we all love LinkedIn so if
you advertise on LinkedIn I can go and I
can
pick I want this these companies with
this business title in this region and
you're like oh my gosh I can literally
down to the person's name you're like oh
that's awesome the problem is is that
people don't live in LinkedIn all day
long so you only get them when they're
in LinkedIn
programmatic can do all of that
Firepower that LinkedIn does but it does
it in the open internet
so you could be on forbes.com you could
be on CNN.com you could be wherever
and if the targeting is right only the
people that are on your list are going
to see those ads the other thing that it
does is with the AI technology is is
that it auto bids for you so it's not
like you have a manual person moving the
numbers the same way we do when we do
campaigns manually
and then the reach can hit them you know
in display advertising native
advertising CTV podcast apps and so on
and so forth and the Geo targeting is
incredible
and then the last part is what's called
content AI what content AI does is it
knows what you're reading on other
people's websites
and it'll basically Target you based
upon things that you've read in other
places it's targeting you from data
outside of first party data so Nielsen
and all these other companies have been
targeting you've like since you were
born like the same company I know big
brother is watching is called Big
advertising brother is watching yeah and
it's different it's very very different
from the Privacy things that are taking
a whack from like Facebook and and the
Apple privacy thing this type of lead
intelligence it's not going anywhere
it's not going to get hit in the same
ways that we're seeing retargeting get
hit in social media and then just even
Google display
the only thing I want to caution on my
listener I agree with everything you
said and in terms of if you do a pay ads
on the Facebook or any social media
channel you tend to limit it in that
specific platform that doesn't mean it's
not effective the drawback obviously
just like you said the person needs to
be in the platform and to actually see
your ads or whatnot and outside the
platform you can build awareness in a
much broader reach and also in a broader
scope
the key thing what I have discovered on
the programmatic ads is you need to
actually have a continuous budget this
is not something that you can run and
stop run and stop for a programmatic ass
needs to be very effective based on what
I have seen and work with different
clients now that I'm running the
programmatic ads but be able to see the
analysis or whatnot is that you need to
run it for actually good a period of
time this is not something you rent for
like a quarter or two and then you can
stop you need quite a bit of budget over
a period of time to actually see the
effectiveness of it yeah absolutely
okay very very good we talk about a lot
of things today starting from digital
marketing and we also talk about the
business model and also the solid
product and high quality product is
essential in the foundation of a
marketing down to digital marketing
needs to work very well pay plays a huge
role I agree with you
so when you were on my show I had my
co-host there and we had a different
Rhythm and I think one of the questions
I always ask because I love talking to
seasoned veterans like yourself who've
been in the game for a long time and I
say like if you had a time machine and
you could go back and teach your former
self that you're starting your marketing
Career One lesson that you've learned in
this whole journey like what is it what
what would be that gem that would be the
big game changer okay so if I have time
machine and I can go back talk to myself
like 15 years ago when I started making
a career shift from kind of like
operations manager to to the dark side I
call the marketing I would tell myself I
say pay attention to technology and the
pay attention in terms of how technology
will change in the marketing landscape
and when I started I was more on the
traditional side as a traditional
marketer so we focus on print we focus
on TV commercial we focus on all the
poem we focus on kind of like different
paid channels it took me a long time to
understand what search is it took me a
long time to understand programmatic ads
it took me a long time to understand
digital marketing which is a whole
different technology that tied together
and I wish somebody had told me in terms
of understand technology as early as
possible so speaking of that let me tell
you a story
my husband worked at a big Corporation
for a long period of time and he was
working literally in procurement and so
a lot of times the different solution
company or platform software will come
pitch a different products and back in
1994 1995 there was one guy and came and
pitched in terms of Internet like and
talking about e-commerce you have to
understand 1994 and 1995 there's there's
no internet okay it's if this internet
is very very slow it's dialing using
phone line for crying out loud yeah
and this guy was talking about how big
the internet will be and and uh and also
how people is going to be sharp online
okay and uh my husband kind of liked me
kind of she was excited kind of brushed
him off his name was Jeff Bezos
funny
and I wish you know it's not about
buying stocks it's really try to
understand how technology impacts Our
lives our jobs and be able to have a
foresight to see how that impact our
work and be able to communicate that
clearly with our clients I think that's
very important so that's something I
would tell my younger self if you will
yeah that's so funny that's so funny so
I had a guy on my podcast his name's
Wayne Griffin turns out he's the number
one sales person for IBM in the 70s and
80s he was a killer and he's telling me
this story he's like and one day the
snot nose Punk comes in to our
conference room and he looks like he's
about 14 years old and he's there with
his friend he's in like a 20 suit and it
you know whatever immediately no one
takes him seriously and he says look IBM
is about Hardware you have this thing
that we call software
and it's not doing you any good so what
I'd like to do is I'd like to own and
license the software and they said sure
bill you can do that
I do actually have a one question I want
to ask you and that is when Netflix are
you binge watching right now so we're
watching The Marvelous Mrs maisel I love
the outfits it's very it's a very good
show Chris thank you so much for coming
to my show it was wonderful talking to
you and sharing your Insight now thank
you very much for having me this is a
wonderful shopping fan
take care bye